one
come to the final of the World Cup Brazil
2014 germany germany against argentina
germany against people but toni kross
lay and then new rosemary that is
happening that passes behind that passes back to
your steps will not see the rock one less
salvando argentino once again ay ay ay
ay is going to give me something and that is the
first minute of game corner shot to
please the translators here comes
charge tonic tonic senses closed
rosemary once again here is tony left
tonic touches it for water drainage drain
to remove the center and I do not know what marked the
umpire out of place
the recover this is Mascherano the best
Argentine player who loses her in the
miss it and here he wants it Sami
khedira xabi that says before sabaneta that
robert turns against relevant not
they have calm quiet waiting that
there is rosemary and they were making a
mess back the defense of Argentina for
break the Argentine cars again
in his pnl rebound the ball and germany
ally wins what mistake he just made
Argentina's defense here we see
enzo perez first is that that team the
that he was wrong was the pocho lavezzi and
then the shopper is nothing else pushed him and
Ayayay already wins Germany already wins
Germany and Argentina everything is seen by
where you do not see where
ah
the pocho for red frames that comes the
number 16 who plays it for the pipe the
guy like that he arrives like that comes the pipes and
so the pipe sends the sector to
lions
the people were goal by lionel messi goal
of lionel as I tell you and the Germans
they lie to him the mother that great center of the
pipe wayne looked like he was not wearing anything
but the impressive scissors of messi and
this was already tied 1 to 1
at the end of almost the first half
Germans and Argentines are already 11
technicians touch it very well the
first half 1 for 1 Germans and
Argentines
begins in the second 45 minutes the
last the last of this great world
that was Brazil 2014 one of the best
of history here come super save
these facts this perez this perez this
Perez the envelope deviated the shot of the
number 8 movie also has
speed despite his age and position
that very well
here still has the 8 but the
loses very well it seems that someone has
start playing a little better
filling it is played it in the messi
Mascherano heart today the player of
argentina the mascherano pass
Mascherano making messi and messi that
define from right and not well back shot
corner for argentina who the pocho
the pocho lavezzi sending the center
Leon always has the stick left
to the stick washing the flea
and now look for the counter with the kun the
kun this has speed this has
speeds the cool is the kun is the with
who play it very well for leonel messi
lionel messi leonel messi for him with
this the play of argentina the play
argentina the argentina play with the
foot
omen touches her for frame red frames
red trying the last red frame
kill turn of red frame before the
defense of Germany before the defense is
the match ended
overtime says yes gentlemen in the
Great final between Germany and Argentina
begins the first extra time of this
great match where Argentinian Argentina has
left in the opportunities to be
champion and the counter of argentina are
can come against Argentina the
against argentina he plays it very well
for messi lionel these are they
like these are the ones you like
cut out cut out leonel john eliot ness
lion lions
He had once again messi but he does not hear
he said he was not going to come in he was not going to come in
doublet Lionel Messi because that
Attentive back pain corner penalty to
Argentina's favor seems to have more
it seems that it has more heading left
go on one side the first half ends
the last ones are coming now yes last
minutes of brasil-2014 plays to make you
schürrle for where less is minus
side it is returned very well to the
chelsea sur parisian that you commit
missing before reaching demichelis and rosemary
and rosemary rosemary rosemary
with
from Germany the mistake of rosemary amazing
amazing what rosemary and germany did
germany is minutes away from being champion
from brasil 2014 what they are going to tell you
rosemary after bringing to your selection
to the final and now now you break the
dream here you have an agreement in a
agreement that he plays it very well for the pin
for the type of head it returns the
just if the number 20 arrives if it arrives if
he arrives if a goal comes he is commanding
the center for the prince mom
it seems that the brothers will take their
fourth star ladies and gentlemen seems
that's how it will be here comes its
lessons to liquidate will be all
sing for cars and nothing else are
wasting time here germany the
finally steals the pipe the pipe the pipe
the match is over
in 14 7 and now yes gentlemen those
debtors already have they are already embroidering their
fourth star in the historic shield
month and month and crying can not believe it
know you know he had a lot of plays and he
he escaped it escaped to number 10 but
you did well and today, but today you have to
recognize this germany that pushed
throughout the tournament and you do not but you
you are to blame for these save
Argentina hires but today the rosemary
is the culprit of this disaster
argentinian so germany germany
oran champion 100 2014 you already know that yes
you liked it like and share it in your
social networks so that everyone
be aware of this great match that
He lived in this great final of Brazil-2014
and let everyone know that germany germany
will be champion
do not forget to subscribe to the channel someone
I leave the button on the screen or below
There is the button for you to subscribe and
they are aware of each when they go up
videos to this beautiful and beautiful channel
because the world cup is over but well
the leagues comes the champions come
thousands of things and we never never
We will stop and leave you social networks
twitter facebook and instagram so that
continue in the description of the video
totally I leave them so if not for the
moment and with my voice shattered after
nothing this great game we are
do not